yii2/gridview/README.md, before:

# yii2 GridView tips

## Search and sort for external join table attributes

See [document here](searchExternalName.md)

## Search for clustering external join table attributes

See [document here](searchClustering.md)

## Search pagination in searching model

In searching model, add `$pagination` attribute to set pagination searching parameter.
In controller/action (for example), `actionIndex()`, control the pagination.
Example
```php
public function actionIndex()
{
    $searchModel = new EmployeeSearch();
    $searchModel->pagination = FALSE; // For no pagination, then get all record.
    $searchModel->pagination = NULL; // Get default pagination (equals to 20).
    $searchModel->paginiation = 50; // Get 50 records per page.
    $dataProvider = $searchModel->search(Yii::$app->request->queryParams);

    return $this->render('index', [
        'searchModel' => $searchModel,
        'dataProvider' => $dataProvider,
    ]);
}
```

## Example code

Example code is put in `example_app` directory.
It includes sample data stored in sqlite.

This example code is deveoped based on yii-basic-app-2.0.35 template.

### Installation

To install dependencies
```shell
composer install
```

### DB design

Database structure
![ERD](images/GridViewExample.png)

Example of data
![Data Sample](images/GridViewExampleData.png)

## Display options

### Make the table not overflow the panel
Set `style` for the table in GridView `options`.
Example
```php
<?= GridView::widget([
    'dataProvider' => $dataProvider,
    'options' => ['style' => 'width: 100%'],
    'filterModel' => $searchModel,
    'columns' => $columns,
]); ?>
```

Commit message:

Add post data via link

yii2/gridview/README.md, after:

# yii2 GridView tips

## Search and sort for external join table attributes

See [document here](searchExternalName.md)

## Search for clustering external join table attributes

See [document here](searchClustering.md)

## Search pagination in searching model

In searching model, add `$pagination` attribute to set pagination searching parameter.
In controller/action (for example), `actionIndex()`, control the pagination.
Example
```php
public function actionIndex()
{
    $searchModel = new EmployeeSearch();
    $searchModel->pagination = FALSE; // For no pagination, then get all record.
    $searchModel->pagination = NULL; // Get default pagination (equals to 20).
    $searchModel->paginiation = 50; // Get 50 records per page.
    $dataProvider = $searchModel->search(Yii::$app->request->queryParams);

    return $this->render('index', [
        'searchModel' => $searchModel,
        'dataProvider' => $dataProvider,
    ]);
}
```

## Example code

Example code is put in `example_app` directory.
It includes sample data stored in sqlite.

This example code is deveoped based on yii-basic-app-2.0.35 template.

### Installation

To install dependencies
```shell
composer install
```

### DB design

Database structure
![ERD](images/GridViewExample.png)

Example of data
![Data Sample](images/GridViewExampleData.png)

## Display options

### Make the table not overflow the panel

When there are many columns, the table of GridView may over the screen width. To make it fit in screen width, set `style` for the table in GridView `options`.
Example
```php
<?= GridView::widget([
    'dataProvider' => $dataProvider,
    'options' => ['style' => 'width: 100%'],
    'filterModel' => $searchModel,
    'columns' => $columns,
]); ?>
```

### Make ActionColumn buttons to be opened in new tab (window)

Use ActionColumn *buttonOptions* attribute.
```php
<?= GridView::widget([
    'dataProvider' => $dataProvider,
    'options' => ['style' => 'width: 100%'],
    'filterModel' => $searchModel,
    'columns' => [
        // Other column definition.

        // ActionColumn
        [
            'class' => 'yii\grid\ActionColumn',
            'buttonOptions' => [
                'target' => '_blank',
            ],
        ],
    ],
]); ?>
```
